content: Add new mission about a repulsor failure. (#6449)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

			label payup
			`	The man takes your credits, responds with a brief "Thank you," and walks away.`
				accept

mission "Repulsor failure"

> 	landing

Reviewer: add a clearance so that when you land again if this is a restricted planet you don't have to pay the credits twice, I think the authorities will understand you had a malfunction and did not actually land

Author: Good point, I will add clearance.

	#Note: this tag applies to the destination, not to the source...

> 	infiltrating

Reviewer: I don't quite follow, why would you have infiltrating, if I follow correctly, this is when you launch in this mission to then land again, the dialog even says the repulsors should work fine on next landing which they do, right? 
if they fail again for some reason, you could add a dialog under `on complete` that explains it

Author: I actually wanted to use infiltrating on the initial landing, when the player chooses to take the risk of landing immediately. If you have an emergency landing like that, then the chance of landing near the spaceport is actually quite small.

But I already updated the text about how strange it is that the player lands close to the spaceport.

			choice
				"(Pray for a miracle.)"
				"(Scream your lungs out.)"
			branch miracle
				random < 70
			"There is nothing more you can do to save your ship, your ship crashes straight into the ground and your remains are never found in the debris field."
				die
			label miracle
			"Suddenly all repulsors come back online at full strength."
			choice
				"(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)"
				"(Attempt to perform a manual landing.)"
			branch miraclelanding
				random < 98
			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize, but it was too late. The ship still crashes and you die."
				die
			label miraclelanding
			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize and somehow the ship crash-lands on the surface."
			#"	You are far away from the spaceport, but at least you are still alive."
			"	You are not sure what is more miraculous, that you landed near the spaceport or that you are still alive."
				decline
			label reorbit
			"The climb back into orbit is turbulent, slow and difficult, but you make it back into orbit safely."
				launch
	on enter
		dialog
			"You fix the repulsor while in orbit. It should be working fine on next landing."

> 				accept

Reviewer: you can just have the dialog in one line (dialog "You fix...") and the accept is not needed

			label payup
			`	The man takes your credits, responds with a brief "Thank you," and walks away.`
				accept

mission "Repulsor failure"
	landing
	# Don't require the player to pay credits again if the player was already allowed to land when this mission triggered.
	clearance
	to offer
		random < 8
		credits >= 2000000
	on offer
		conversation

> 			"You see a warning that one of the repulsors on your ship is not working when you start de-orbiting."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			When you start de-orbiting, you see a warning that one of the repulsors on your ship is not working."
```
Personal preference - I just think it flows a little better this way. Up to you!

			choice
				"(Return to orbit to fix the issue in space.)"
					launch
				"(Attempt to land anyway.)"

> 			"Orbital entry is a bit more steep than normal and your ship is starting to lean a bit."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Orbital entry is a bit more steep than normal, and your ship is starting to lean a bit."
```

			choice

> 				"(Try to return to orbit to still fix the issue in space.)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				"(Try to return to orbit to fix the issue in space.)"
```
I don't think the usage of `still` really makes sense here. Were you just looking for some way to distinguish it from previous option?

Author: It indeed looks better without the word still. I guess I initially added it because the player already choose not to return to space multiple times when he/she gets to this point.

					goto reorbit
				"(Continue the attempt to land.)"

> 			"You're reaching the point where your ship will not be able to re-orbit on its own power."
> 			"The cockpit is filled with warnings about the descent angle and attitude control."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"You're reaching the point where your ship will not be able to re-orbit on its own power. The cockpit is filled with warnings about the descent angle and attitude control."
```

			choice
				"(Attempt to re-orbit and hope that the ship still makes it.)"
					goto reorbit

> 				"(Proceed with landing, crashing, or dying. Whichever one it's gonna be.)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				"(Proceed with landing, crashing, or dying - whichever one it's gonna be.)"
```

> 			"Your decent is still far more steep than normal, and the ship is starting to roll."
> 			"It is no longer possible to correct both your descend angle and maintain attitude control."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Your decent is still far more steep than normal, and the ship is starting to roll. It is no longer possible to correct both your descend angle and maintain attitude control."
```

			choice
				"(Prioritize roll stabilization.)"
					goto rolling
				"(Prioritize lowering the descent angle.)"
				"(Switch to full auto-pilot control.)"
			"Your ship begins to roll faster and faster, but the autopilot somehow manages to soften the descent angle."
			choice
				"(Prioritize roll stabilization now.)"
					goto rolling
				"(Continue prioritizing lowering the descent angle.)"
				"(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)"
			branch miracle
				random < 80

> 			"It's not enough! The ship starts rolling even faster, your vision blurs, and consciousness starts to slip from you. The last thing you notice is that your ship is falling apart but you already died by the time your ship fully disintegrates."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"It's not enough! The ship starts rolling even faster, your vision blurs, and consciousness starts to slip from you. The last thing you remember is your ship falling apart..."
			"By the time your ship fully disintegrates, you've already died."
```

				die
			label rolling

> 			"Your ships roll stabilizes, but your descend vector is now almost perpendicular to the surface and the acceleration straight towards the surface pushes you firmly into your chair."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Your ships roll stabilizes, but your descend vector is now almost perpendicular to the surface, and the acceleration straight towards the surface pushes you firmly into your chair."
```
OR
```suggestion
			"Your ships roll stabilizes, but your descent vector is now almost perpendicular to the surface, and the acceleration straight towards the surface pushes you firmly into your chair."
```
This might just be flying terminology that I'm not aware of, but it feels like that should be `descent`, not `descend`. Gave you the option to keep that if I'm wrong or fix it - regardless, you'll need that extra comma I suggested.

Author: descent with a T is probably correct here.

			choice
				"(Pray for a miracle.)"
				"(Scream your lungs out.)"
				"(Silently accept the situation as it is.)"
			branch miracle
				random < 70

> 			"There is nothing more you can do to save your ship, your ship crashes straight into the ground. Whoever will have to clean this mess up will have a hard time finding your remains."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"There is nothing more you can do to save your ship or yourself. The <ship> crashes straight into the ground. Whoever will have to clean this mess up will have a hard time finding your remains."
```

Author: Nice!

				die
			label miracle

> 			"Suddenly all repulsors come back online at full strength, you feel the seatbelt dig into your skin over the sudden deceleration."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Suddenly, all repulsors come back online at full strength! You feel the seatbelt dig into your skin over the sudden deceleration."
```

			choice
				"(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)"
				"(Attempt to perform a manual landing.)"
				"(Try to return to orbit to fix the issue in space.)"
					goto reorbit
			branch miraclelanding
				random < 98

> 			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize, but it was too late. All warning-lights in the cockpit are lit and sirens are blaring, but the view out of the window, of the fast approaching planet surface, makes the impending crash more clear than any light or siren does. You experience a few seconds of fear, after which you life ends in a short big flash."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Your ship's trajectory and attitude stabilize, but it was too late. All warning lights in the cockpit are lit and sirens are blaring, but the view out your window of the fast approaching planet surface makes the impending crash more clear than any light or siren does. You experience a few seconds of fear, after which you life ends in a short, big flash."
```

				die
			label miraclelanding

> 			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize and somehow the ship crash-lands on the surface."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Your ship's trajectory and attitude stabilize, and somehow the ship crash-lands on the surface."
```
To me, a crash landing usually implies damage. Could be worth adding a brief bit more about the player having to pay a few thousand credits to "hammer out dents", "fix the paint job", or something like that - or just clarifying that it's equally miraculous that your ship is somehow undamaged.

Author: Good point. And maybe the authorities should also fine the player for landing outside the spaceport.

> 			"	You are not sure what is more miraculous, that you landed near the spaceport or that you are still alive."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"	You aren't sure what is more miraculous: that you landed near the spaceport or that you're still alive."
```

				decline
			label reorbit

> 			"The climb back into orbit is turbulent, slow and difficult, but you make it back into orbit safely."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"The climb back into orbit is turbulent, slow, and difficult, but you make it there safely."
```

				launch
	on enter
		dialog

> 			"You manage to fix the repulsor while in orbit. It should be working fine on next landing."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"You manage to fix the repulsor while in orbit. After a few quick tests, you confirm that it will work fine on next landing."
```

			choice
				"(Try to return to orbit to still fix the issue in space.)"
					goto reorbit
				"(Continue the attempt to land.)"
			"You're reaching the point where your ship will not be able to re-orbit on its own power."
			"The cockpit is filled with warnings about the descent angle and attitude control."
			choice
				"(Attempt to re-orbit and hope that the ship still makes it.)"
					goto reorbit
				"(Proceed with landing, crashing, or dying. Whichever one it's gonna be.)"
			"Your decent is still far more steep than normal, and the ship is starting to roll."
			"It is no longer possible to correct both your descend angle and maintain attitude control."
			choice
				"(Prioritize roll stabilization.)"
					goto rolling
				"(Prioritize lowering the descent angle.)"
				"(Switch to full auto-pilot control.)"
			"Your ship begins to roll faster and faster, but the autopilot somehow manages to soften the descent angle."
			choice
				"(Prioritize roll stabilization now.)"
					goto rolling
				"(Continue prioritizing lowering the descent angle.)"
				"(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)"
			branch miracle
				random < 80

> 			"Unfortunately it is not enough, the ship starts rolling even faster. You lose consciousness before your ship crashes and you die."

Reviewer 3: Seems a bit clumsy for something that - even with a touch of comedy - is supposed to have some form of impact. I've seen other writers use kind of an "open ended" sentence, similar to "your vision blurs, before consciousness slip from you..."

Author: Agreed, I updated the text.

				die
			label rolling
			"Your ships roll stabilizes, but your descend vector is now almost perpendicular to the surface and the acceleration straight towards the surface pushes you firmly into your chair."
			choice
				"(Pray for a miracle.)"
				"(Scream your lungs out.)"
				"(Silently accept the situation as it is.)"
			branch miracle
				random < 70

> 			"There is nothing more you can do to save your ship, your ship crashes straight into the ground and your remains are never found in the debris field."

Reviewer 3: Dito here. You could also lean into the comedy a bit more, something like "Whoever will have to clean this mess up will have a hard time finding your remains..."

				die
			label miracle

> 			"Suddenly all repulsors come back online at full strength."

Reviewer 3: Could use more impact with an extra "you feel the seatbelt dig into your skin over the sudden deceleration".

			choice
				"(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)"
				"(Attempt to perform a manual landing.)"
				"(Try to return to orbit to fix the issue in space.)"
					goto reorbit
			branch miraclelanding
				random < 98

> 			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize, but it was too late. The ship still crashes and you die."

Reviewer 3: Dito.

Author: I added some text here as well.

				die
			label miraclelanding
			"Your ships trajectory and attitude stabilize and somehow the ship crash-lands on the surface."

> 			#"	You are far away from the spaceport, but at least you are still alive."

Reviewer 3: Stray comment here.

Author: Yes, I originally wanted this mission to end far away from the spaceport, but the `infiltrating` keyword only works for destinations. I'll remove the comment.

			"	You are not sure what is more miraculous, that you landed near the spaceport or that you are still alive."
				decline
			label reorbit
			"The climb back into orbit is turbulent, slow and difficult, but you make it back into orbit safely."
				launch
	on enter
		dialog

> 			"You fix the repulsor while in orbit. It should be working fine on next landing."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"You manage to fix the repulsor while in orbit. It should be working fine on next landing."
```

or perhaps

```suggestion
			"You manage to patch up the repulsor while in orbit. It should be working fine on next landing."
```

			label payup
			`	The man takes your credits, responds with a brief "Thank you," and walks away.`
				accept

mission "Repulsor failure"
	landing
	# Don't require the player to pay credits again if the player was already allowed to land when this mission triggered.

> 	clearance
> 	to offer

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	clearance
	source
		not attributes "station"
		not attributes "gas giant"
		not attributes "uninhabited"
		not attributes "korath"
	to offer
```

Worth considering whether or not it should also be restricted from triggering on alien worlds. I think it's fine if it triggers on Remnant worlds, but given the player can't even speak Korath, a casual fining by the authorities doesn't seem to fit... It's not a *perfect* fit for the Remnant, but I think it's close enough to be fine. As far as that goes, I think it's *probably* fine on any alien world where the player can speak the language. It's kind of incongruous when they can't. Simple solution is just not allow it on said alien worlds. (ex. Wanderer, coalition) more complex solution is tie it to the translators so this can trigger once the player can speak to the locals, but it won't happen anywhere they *can't* speak to them.

				random < 70
			`There is nothing more you can do to save your ship or yourself. The <ship> crashes straight into the ground. Whoever will have to clean this mess up will have a hard time finding your remains.`
				die
			label miracle
			`Suddenly, all repulsors come back online at full strength! You feel the seatbelt dig into your skin over the sudden deceleration.`
			choice
				`(Let the autopilot handle the landing.)`
				`(Attempt to perform a manual landing.)`
				`(Try to return to orbit to fix the issue in space.)`
					goto reorbit
			branch miraclelanding
				random < 98
			`Your ship's trajectory and attitude stabilize, but it was too late. All warning lights in the cockpit are lit and sirens are blaring, but the view out your window of the fast approaching planet surface makes the impending crash more clear than any light or siren does. You experience a few seconds of fear, after which you life ends in a short, big flash.`
				die
			label miraclelanding
			`Your ship's trajectory and attitude stabilize, and somehow the ship crash-lands on the surface.`
			`	You aren't sure what is more miraculous: that you landed near the spaceport or that you're still alive.`

> 			`	The authorities are not very impressed and fine you 200,000 credits for reckless flying.`

Reviewer 2: Idk what it is but this makes me laugh. Nice line!
